## About Me

***Navigation:*** [README.md (Index](/README.md)

---

### My Current Role
In my current stint at PT. Bangun Adigraha Utama (Construction/Civil Engineering), I collaborated with the CEO to acquire two **IDR 50 billion+** for-tender invitation since I rejoined last June (2025). The company was struggling and had no qualified leads since a year+ ago (The CEO is very careful in choosing his clients and rightfully so, the lead qualification is very strict. Such as, a certain percentage down payment and good payment history were few of the qualification).

We lost the last tender because our rival dropped their bid value by around 10 billion rupiahs, they were burning cash so that they secure the project, aiming to be shortlisted for recurring projects, something that we cannot afford to do. 

Currently we're preparing ourselves as we're shortlisted for a non-tender project for a school (supposedly large), the reason we're shortlisted were because we impressed the prospect client in our last tender with our engineering expertise (we purposely done so).

I'm currently functioning as a thought partner to my CEO, understanding the challenges the company is facing and find ingenious way to solve them with existing resource available.
### Early Career

As I completed my Computer Science bachelor in Universitas Indonesia, I started my career working 3 jobs:
- As a **Teaching Assistant** for Technopreneurship in **Universitas Indonesia**. One of the group in our class won [GEMASTIK 2016](https://www.antaranews.com/berita/593126/ui-raih-juara-umum-ajang-gemastik-2016) (big achievement).
- As an **Assistant to Director** to **PT Bangun Adigraha Utama**. Worked collaboratively with the CEO, similar to today's situation. But we scored our all time biggest project of the company.
- **Started a company** with my college friends called **lelangyuk.id** . Failed miserably, due to lack of experience and industry knowledge.
### Interesting Jobs I Have Done
- **Sales Support** at **PT Patra Logistik (Pertamina Group)**, where I collaboratively managed the commercial aspect of projects worth over IDR 250 Billion in yearly contract value. I learned quite a few things about Indonesian corporate bureaucracy and their behavior in technology investments.
- **Jr. Product Manager** at **Brick**, where I did cross-functional collaboration to reduce more than 70% Average Processing Time for disbursement transaction.
### The Reason I'm Interested to Contribute to Your Company
I knew about your company via your co-founder's LinkedIn, who was my coworker at Brick. He sparked my interest in cyber security through his educative approach, no-nonsense attitude and pure mastery. 

I read every notification from your company, until that day you answered a question about hospital network, mikrotik and cybersecurity. Your answer was very thoughtful and solution oriented, I saw pure expertise through that interaction. That lead me to study your company and was looking for possible ways for me to contribute to the growth of your company.

---

***Navigation:*** [README.md (Index)](/README.md)